Improve doc for CA1861 to avoid breaking change (#35455)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1861.md

## Cause

> A constant array of literal values, passed to a method via regular invocation or extension method invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A constant array of literal values is passed to a method via regular invocation or extension method invocation.
```

## Rule description

> Constant arrays passed as arguments are not reused when called repeatedly, which implies a new array is created each time. Consider extracting them to `static readonly` fields to improve performance if the passed array is not mutated within the called method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Constant arrays passed as arguments are not reused when called repeatedly, which implies a new array is created each time. If the passed array is not mutated within the called method, consider extracting it to a `static readonly` field to improve performance.
```

Constant arrays passed as arguments aren't reused, which implies a performance overhead. Consider extracting them to `static readonly` fields to improve performance.
Constant arrays passed as arguments are not reused when called repeatedly, which implies a new array is created each time. Consider extracting them to `static readonly` fields to improve performance if the passed array is not mutated within the called method.

> ## How to fix violations

Author: This is not removed, just moved down

>   > In case the called method mutates the passed array or if you are not sure if the method would mutate the array do not apply the suggestion as it could be a breaking change, better to suppress the warning instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > If the called method mutates the passed array or if you're not sure if the method would mutate the array, don't extract the array to a `static readonly` field. Doing so could be a breaking change. In this case, it's better to suppress the warning instead.
```

Reviewer: Our style checker wants us to use contractions like "you're" instead of "you are".

## How to fix violations

Extract constant arrays to `static readonly` fields if the passed array is not mutated within the called method.  

> The following example show violations of the rule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows a violation of the rule:
```

If you just want to suppress a single violation, add preprocessor directives to your source file to disable and then re-enable the rule.

```csharp
#pragma warning disable CA1861
// The code that's violating the rule is on this line.
#pragma warning restore CA1861
```

To disable the rule for a file, folder, or project, set its severity to `none` in the [configuration file](../configuration-files.md).

```ini
[*.{cs,vb}]
dotnet_diagnostic.CA1861.severity = none
```
  > [!NOTE]
  > In case the called method mutates the passed array or if you are not sure if the method would mutate the array do not apply the suggestion as it could be a breaking change, better to suppress the warning instead.

For more information, see [How to suppress code analysis warnings](../suppress-warnings.md).
## How to fix violations

## Example
Extract constant arrays to `static readonly` fields if the passed array is not mutated within the called method.  

The following examples show violations of the rule:
The following example show violations of the rule:

```csharp
// A method argument
string message = string.Join(" ", new[] { "Hello", "world!" });
// An extension method argument, as with LINQ

> bool firstResponse = new[] { false, true, false, false }.First();

Author: The fixed code doesn't include the fix for this part, I could add a that into the fixed code but I don't think we really need 2 examples

> The following example show how the violation of this rule fixed by extracting the argument to a `static readonly` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example show how the violation of this rule is fixed by extracting the argument to a `static readonly` field.
```

Now, the value of the array is resolved at compile time rather than at run time, making code more performant.

## When to suppress warnings

> Suppress a violation of this rule if the invocation only runs once, or if the array could be mutated within the invoked method or if the you're not concerned about the performance impact of creating constant arrays for each invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppress a violation of this rule if:

- The invocation only runs once.
- The array could be mutated within the invoked method.
- You're not concerned about the performance impact of creating a constant array for each invocation.
```
